[me != me]. [me += you].
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Anonymity makes me even more handsome.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you a computer whiz... it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Are you a double? The thought of you always floats inside my head.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you an exception?Let me catch you.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are you my driver? Because you make my life worthwhile.
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
As of now, my mother doesn't have a Facebook account so, if we were to take this thing to the next level, you wouldn't have to worry about rejecting her inappropriate Family Request.
Baby are you a motherboard?, Cause I'd "RAM" you all night long.
Baby you know this junk isn't USB2.0..it's firewire!1
Baby you must be Google Glasses, because you augment my reality
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
Baby, if they made you in C, you would have a pointer to my heart..
Baby, if they made you in Java, you'd be the object of my desire.
Baby, there is no part of my body that is Micro or Soft
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive.
Baby, you must be running a TCP protocol, since every time I talk to you, your body gives me an acknowledgment!
Baby, you overclock my processor.
Be the hard drive of my dreams.
Before you, I was a PC without a power outlet.
Can I stick my USB drive in your USB port?
Can you be my ActionListener? That way you notice everything that I do.
Can you be my private variable? I want to be the only one with access to you.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Could I borrow your smartphone? I need to post a Facebook status update that I've met the woman of my dreams, in order to make all the ex-girlfriends I'm still Facebook friends with jealous.
Could I have your I.P.?
Do u like me? Text '1? for 'Yes,' '2? for 'No.
Do you think we can make it a step more serious and disable network sharing?
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
Don't worry, the first couple of times it's always Abort, Retry, Fail.
Every once and a while two numbers meet, link, and become forever binary.
Girl, are you Wi-Fi? Cuz im feeling the connection!
Girl, you are an A++.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Have you been Googling me? I've got my blog all tricked out with analytics and I think I've been seeing your IP address in them.
Here's my number: 0011 0011 1011 0001 0010 1000 0101
Hey baby, did you know I am wearing a C-String?
Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor I'd like to deliver my load to.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable.
Hey cutie! I have a processor, if you have an empty slot on your motherboard.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google all over your Facebook!
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your Facebook?
I am a Boolean method whose love will always return true.
I am a Buffered Reader. You input meaning into my life.
I am the field attribute in your class: I can't exist unless you do.
I CAN HAS DA NASTY WIT U?
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I had to drop out of college because the $250,000,000 software company I started in my dorm room was taking up too much of my time. Can I buy you a PC?
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
I output gibberish as you tap my keypad.
I think we should increase our bandwidth.
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
I think you're my compiler. My life wouldn't start without you.
I want all of our functions to be read/write.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
I wish to uncompress you over *all* my disk space.
I wish you were DSL so I could get high speed access.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I would love to stick my pins into your sockets.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
I'd switch to an Iphone for you.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll always have cache for you.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
I'll have to try again tomorrow, because you've already exceeded my bandwidth.
I'm definitely in the range of your hotspot. How about you let me connect and get full access.
I'm overheating because you're stuck in my head like an infinite loop.
I've fully rebooted from my last relationship.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If I were a method, you must be my parameter, because I will always need you.
If I were an assembly language, I'd jump to your address, shift right a bit, push it in, pop it out, load a byte into your accumulator, then jump if you're negative.
If I were an operating system, your process would be real-time priority.
If we were connected on LinkedIn, I'd endorse you all night long.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
If you were a part of my domain, we could share cookies.
If you were a USB Port I'd stick my jump drive into you.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Im not staring, Im stuck in a loop. (Logic: while (girl=hot, look))
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Is your network encrypted? Im looking to hack.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
Let me be the 'throws Exception' to your 'public static void main (String[] args)'. I will accept whatever you give me.
Let's interface our hardware.
Let's just cut to the chase, I wanna hotsync your PDA.
Living with you would be like living in a virtual reality.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Most people say women are NP-complete, but if I get you into bed, I can solve you in polynomial time!
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
My attraction for you is stronger than the magnetic forces inside of my hard disk.
My love for you cannot be measured with an int, not with a long, and not even with an array. It is out of bounds and infinite....
My love for you comes with no strings attached.
My love for you is a constant variable: unupdatable and unchangeable.
My love is a for loop without the increment operator -- infinitive, non-terminating, and difficult to stop once it starts running.
My main method is 'public love iLoveYou().'
My name is #####, and I speak Klingon.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Need me to unzip your files?
Nice Set of Floppies!
No GPU in the world could make you look hotter than you already are.
No kinky Windows stuff.
No matter how I sort things, you'll always be first.
No, that's not a iphone in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
Nobody turns me on from a cold boot like you.
Oh little processer of my desire!
Oh you still like Laptops, then you can put yo lap on top of my (D:)
Oh, you found out about my backups, didn't you?
Our Love Routines link perfectly.
Phone for you, I think it's your motherboard.
Press any key to continue.
Public class Your World extends My World.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
There is no cache, lets go straight to the hard drive.
There is no primitive data type that could possibly hold the number of things I would do to spend one night with you.
Trust me, I'm user friendly.
Want to come see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my Red Hat?
We are an aggregation of classes: one cannot exist without the other.
We can make beautiful .wav files together.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Well, if that's how you feel, I guess it's time to upgrade.
Well, now you've gone and killed my process.
What do you say we play a game of "Words with More than Friends"?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chat room like this?
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
while(myBAC >= 0.3) {YourHotness++; }
Why don't you come down to my basement apartment in my mom's house and see me sometime?
Would you like to enjoy my laptop, I promise I don't have any viruses...
You are a field in my class. You will always be protected.
You are my API. I want to know everything about you.
You are my increment operator. You make my value increase.
You are my initializer: without you, my life would point to nothing (null).
You are my loop condition. I keep coming back to you.
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
You are my semicolon; always present in everything I do.
You are my superclass: you define what I can do.
You are so hot girl that when I first laid eyes on you, I reached a runtime error.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You are the IDE of my life: I find it easier because of you.
You are the JDK (Java Development Kit) in my life. I won't compile without you.
You auto-complete me.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime
You defragment my life
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
You had me at "Hello World"
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
You have nice syntax.
You look familiar. What's your Twitter handle? I think I follow you.
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers
You make my software turn into hardware!
You must be tired because you've been streaming through my RSS feed all day...
You must be Windows 95 because you have me so unstable.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
You totally spiked my traffic.
You want to learn about computers huh, you've already passed the first lesson, "Turning me On"
You're hotter then the bottom of my laptop.
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of MW3.
Your eyes are far more gorgeous than any source code I have ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
YouTube Myspace and I'll Google your Yahoo!
Archimedes cried out "Eureka!" and ran around naked and filled with joy when he discovered that the volume of a solid can be determined by how much it displaces. Spend more time with me and you will do the same.
Babe I heard you like roses, so here's a polar coordinate graph of r=1+cos(theta).
Baby what do you say we go make some perpetual motion?
Baby, If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA HELICASE so I could unzip your genes.
Baby, is this building's air conditioning unit malfunctioning, or is it just you?
Boy you are a Hotrod in Crankshafts
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Can I see your blueprints? I wanna lay some pipe in you and need to know that you're structurally sound enough to do so.
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field because you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
Do you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
Girl when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my "beam".
Girl you have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
Hey baby, are you a router? Because I saw you checking out my packet
Hi, can I check out your Data Base?
Hi, you are my Turn Key Project
How about we do some DPI
How about we go back to my room so we can practice simple harmonic motion?
How about you and I go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
I am ready to git commit
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
I scale.
I want you to reboot real quick
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I'd like to browse through your clothes like I browse through Netscape.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2, sweetheart, together we would be 1.
Let's convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
Lets implement a baby which can inherit us.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Nice set of parabolas!
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2
That is a slide rule in my pocket.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Wanna come back to my room and see my latest Computer?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Want a 100% uptime night?
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Would you unwrap my manifold?
Wow you got a fantastic elevation
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
You increase my Young's modulus.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
You NP-complete me.
You prefer a quick time line erection?
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
You're like the top of an AMD Athlon.. very hot.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine
Your body has the nicest arc length I've ever seen.
Baby you're more precious than an artifact!
Baby, I've got a huge grant !
Baby, you make this Homo erectus.
Come here and let me demonstrate how to shovel probe.
Did it hurt when you fell from your culture's dogmatic view of an afterlife?
Hey baby, can I survey your features?
I like my women like I like my DNA helicase - unzipping my genes.
I find your culture fascinating...I'd like to learn more about your mating rituals.
I like your hotspot.
I sure would like to calibrate your curves.
I would never bury our love in a coniferous forest, because the acidity of the soil would ruin any chance of preservation.
I'll make your plumb bob!
I'm a linguistic anthropologist, may i study your tongue?
You like petrology? Well, check out this cleavage!
Your beauty is more striking than the preservation of Otzi the Iceman!
